yo whats up guys its x-rays welcome back
to another call of duty advanced warfare
video really quickly the gameplay some
people were asking me before this is a
custom game mode for infected i added
sack 3s that lives 45 so something as
we're wondering if to play this got
updated no it didn't this is just me
playing this because i am sick and tired
of the bulldog and I made a rant
commentary on this on my second channel
if you guys want to check that one out a
link is in the description below go over
there sub it up it's my second channel
i'm gonna be uploading a lot of content
over there call of duty wise live comms
and stuff go check it out anyways guys
today we're gonna be talking about
something that was recently announced by
sledgehammer games not really announced
it was more of a sit-down top a
commentary about reverse boosting and
skill based matchmaking friggin so don't
know what that is let's start off with
skill based matchmaking it's a system
that started back in black ops 2 it was
removed from black ops 2 because a lot
of people realize that it sucked but I
know it's so skill based matchmaking
what is it skill based matchmaking is a
system that call of duty uses that uses
your stats your KD your score per minute
to find other people that are around
your skill level and it pairs you up
with them above everything call of duty
focuses on your skill and then your
connection to the host then they went on
reiterating over and over again if you
play a van warfare it focuses on
connection followed by skill and then
they mentioned reverse boosting forget
it don't know what reverse boosting is
reverse boosting is when someone goes
into a lobby they killed himself over
and over again to lower their stats
purposely so that they take advantage of
this skill based matchmaking system to
get into lobbies of people who really
suck at the game it's something that
happened in black ops 2 it was removed
later on towards the end of Black Ops
whose life cycle because they realized
that there was no point in that and then
it's come back in call duty advanced
warfare what they mentioned in this post
was that they thought reverse posting
was unfair to people who are playing the
game I completely agree I think we're
verse boosting is something that at the
end of the day is hurting other people
who are actually trying to play the
objective or actually trying to play the
game I understand that I understand that
obviously reverse boosting hurts that
but at the same time this is
they have implemented skill based
matchmaking makes it so that you're
constantly playing against people that
are your skill level or even better for
some people it's worse if they have a
really good Katie it makes it so that
I'm paired up with other people who have
say a two to a 2.5 and these guys are
usually running with a full parties and
me as someone who enjoys playing the
game casually well I'm not going in
there to be the next MLG superstar I'm
going in there to play the game have fun
and get a few score streaks and then you
know that's it that's basically why I
play I play as I can play score streaks
and just have fun and when I'm playing
every single game like I'm playing in
some kind of MLG call duty champs for 1
million dollar prize pool it makes it so
the game is stressful and the game is
not fun to play so yes call duty is
competitive yes call of duty is a game
where people try to play the objective
that's what the game is about but if
you're not having fun and you're
expected to play every single time like
you're trying to win some prestigious
trophy then you're not going to enjoy
the game because you're try Harding
you're using the same classes over and
over you're using the ak-12 the ASM one
the bell 27 because it's the only
weapons you can use all the other ones
you're out match and everyone in the
lobby is using those weapons because
it's the only way you're successful with
skill based matchmaking so what do I
think I think skill based matchmaking
should be removed I think it should be
the same way it was in call of duty 4 he
had people who suck he had people who
were good sometimes he would get slapped
other times you would do really well
it's the way call duty is it's for
casual players but go in there just
expecting to have fun not expecting to
be putting on their trihard panties on
every single game so I just want to get
my two cents on there thank you so much
for watching the video this is going to
go on my second channel they decided to
put it on here if you guys want to see
more content go over to my second
channel sub it up thank you for 500 subs
over there it's very much appreciated
and of course if he doesn't enjoy the
video make sure to slap like and a favor
on the video get the content out there
helps my channel grow and of course if
you are new i am on my way to 100k subs
guys if you guys want to help me out
make sure to slap a like and subscribe
so you guys won't miss any future videos
but anyways ass until next time like
comment subscribe mechanism out peace
Oh